                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 review  voted_up
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    everything i always wanted!! all the hype was real.      True
10/10\nA feature complete release that honors the original two Baldur's Gate games, without tarnishing itself with the modern norm of micro-transactions and the resale of extracted content. \nThe years of early access seem to have paid off well, and Larian seems to have taken much player feedback from this period. The game is stable, looks wonderful, and runs perfectly for me (though this may depend on hardware of course).\nThe companions are interesting and fulfill many different roles, giving many options for multiple playthroughs. Meanwhile if you determine you dislike them all you may hire henchmen to take their place. \nThe story is interesting and well paced, and while I have not finished the game I am quite happy with how it is progressing at the moment. I also see many opportunities for things to take a completely different turn were I inclined to take a different route; each moment inspiring me further to play the game again and make different choices. \nLarian Studios has put out another great rpg, expanding on the lessons learned from Divinity: Original Sin, and Divinity 2. I would greatly recommend to at least give it a try and see for yourself.      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Galdurs Bate very good yes yes yes gang gang al me vitaminira jooooooooooooj      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Baldur's Gate 3 is a triumphant return to a beloved franchise, blending nostalgia with innovative gameplay mechanics. With its rich storytelling, stunning visuals, and immersive gameplay, it sets the bar high for modern RPGs. If you're a fan of the genre or simply crave a deep and captivating adventure, this is a must-play experience. Dive into the world of Baldur's Gate 3 and get ready to be enchanted!      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Exactly what I wanted, Divinity 2 with a QOL upgrades, 5e mechanics, and more freedom. Well worth the price so far.      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I went into this game having not played the EA version, but with high expectations nonetheless. It's absolutely blown me away. The characters are so well written, I'm only 16 hours in and I'm in love with them all. Bonus points for letting me pet the dog and the owlbear at once. 1000/10 game      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Played in  early and it was okay. Now that it launched I can confirm the EA was just a fraction of the game. This game is more than just Dnd as a video game, it's an immersive story and every little thing you do matters.      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   amazing game so far!      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          It's AWESOME! I've played tabletop D&D most of my life and and have loved the Baldur's Gate PC game series over the years. So glad this is out. So well done!      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Nae a bad game      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Fucking phenomenal game      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   good      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I played this game a lot in early access and loved every minute of it. I came in to launch fully expecting to know everything that was going to happen in the first act, yet I was surprised so many times with things I had never seen before. \n\nThey have crafted a masterful rpg. The story is so rich and deserves multiple play-throughs in order to fully capture how magnificent it is. With all the character creation choices, this game will have great replay-ability.      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I snuck around a cliffside and up a ladder to get right behind a goblin lookout, who I promptly shoved off the cliff into the chasm below. 10/10 would recommend to anyone      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              good game      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Scratch is best boy.      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Engaging, engrossing, exellent!      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I am 20 hours in and i haven't even left act 1 when i am not a new player to this game. I can't remember when i was having so much fun playing a video game. 10/10 experience!      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                BEWARE, no booba slider      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Absolutely amazing as always from Larian.\n\nAll of the good reviews detail this game perfectly, the only very small negatives i can find are:\nThe voice acting is a 5/10 compared to everything else, it needs tidying up or some people straight re-doing\nThe UI for character creation is far worse than the one in Early Access\nI have had 1 crash so far in 7 hours.\n\nOtherwise 9/5/10 worth every penny, the new gold standard for CRPG      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      The game causes my GPU to overheat and crash my pc. I have a pretty decent rig (RTX 3060 ti), and even on the lowest settings the GPU heat will just randomly start to spike and my pc will crash.\nI have a large game catalog and this is the only game where this is happening. I was really excited for this game and would really like to play it, but in the current state it's unplayable.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    the     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            bought this game upon first reealease, waited years to finally play the full version. "failed to load menu". kind of retarded shit is that? pay $60 for a game and have to go through the 9 circles of hell just to play it. fucking stupid     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I wanted to love it, but cannot.  \nIncredibly frustrating. On even the easiest difficulty setting it seems like every encounter has been entirely stacked against me. I've had a game over in every single combat encounter, often two of three times. \nEvery decision and option seems to lead to largely the same option, and it feels like playing with the worst GM I've known. \n\nEnemies know your location instantly, ignore cover, have a bunch of consumable weapons but never any to loot, and seem to have no mode other than "ruin your day". Every combat starts with you backed into a corner and seems to be entirely unfair. \n\nIt runs slow as anything even on the lowest setting and every conversation requires half a dozen skill checks that taken nearly a minute each to roll. I've played at actual tables that where faster than this.     False
                             Wokedulrs Gate 3\n\nThis game is a nitro boosted leftist propaganda\n\nThe character creation screen has no male/femal option but it has non-binary option\nYou can choose every hair color of the rainbow, and you are able to switch genitals no matter the body type.\nIt is okay to play as a male with a pussy and a females voice but it is not okay to select "male" as sex.\n\nYour companions are dull, uninteresting, and have no personality whatsoever compared to Shadows of Amn companions\nShadowheart is a huge downgrade to Viconia\nWyll is a must have, all positive vague minority hire.\nYou have a Demon Cyborg lesbian terminator.\nA Gay as hell vampire that wants to suck you blood too.\nAn ambitious ever offended Gythyanki female\n\nYour whole Act 1 is to help the thieveing refugees, and your followers will tell you how they have changed their minds about them.\n\nThis game is a mostly fun game, a big game, but it is not Baldurs gate, it is less than its shadow. \n\nThis game went hard after Inclusivity scores for funding and it shows. \n\nIm deeply sorry.\n\nYou and boo and i, hamsters and rangers everywhere, rejoice.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Can't finish quests due to dialog bug. Fix the issues before the release date please.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Not worth $60 with the poor character creation system.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      The turn by turn fighting is too slow, the spell system is messy, the rest system is annoying, story is okayish so far, can't pause the game, version number is always on the screen, can't point the camera to the sky.\n\nThe reason I vote no are mainly the fight system and the spell system that I don't like. I'll keep playing we'll see if I eventually get used to it..     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pozzed pozzed as hell     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  game doesn't launch on a modern rig. 10 years of development and only thing i see here is verify game integrity simulator.\n0/10 waste of space waste of 10 years of development time     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Turned based combat only. \n\nthe story is probably good but standing around waiting for someone to attack is not at all fun it never feels rewarding to win a battle because you just click and wait there is no feeling of accomplishment as its not like you dodged at the right time or hit the right critical area, its just did the number be big number or small number.\n\neven movement is annoying because once again you have to click and wait at least diablo gives you the option to use controller so you dont have to deal with these silly old ways of point, click or hold and hope you go in the right direction.\n\nno exploring is exciting either as everything is just highlighted with a white outline so you can't miss anything and once again no fluid movement so you just clunky move and hopefully get to your desired area or just keep relentlessly clicking until you do get vaguely near where you want to be. \n\n4/10 story probably good but as its a game the gameplay sucks.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Game sucks ass, it's just a shitty dice rolling sim that profits on bear sex, instead of buying this trash go spend the money in a casino instead and roll dice there. Anyone who disagrees and thinks this game is good can gargle my balls.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      almost unplayable boring sjw trash from developers who apparently will never be able to create a quality rpg game     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Just watch gay pron instead...     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Thumbs down for being woke     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      you are the main guy, but you know what? whenever one of your companions is closer to the trigger, then he/she is the main guy and everyone acts like it, so RELOAD and make sure you are closer, gash what a terrible game design, i really try to like this game but this is a gamebreaking bug     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       It is still an early version on August 5th. It was not released on the release day, and no announcement was made. I re-downloaded it 5 times and found that it was not released.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  No in-game text chat makes coop-multiplayer almost impossible.\n\nCry all you want about "use third party software like discord or steam-chat" but there are people who simply cannot use such software. Be it because they are mute, deaf, otherwise handicapped or simply don't have a second screen. Even D:OS1 had a chat. What a sad regression.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          game is rather dissapointing, larian reskined dvinity 2 and banked on nostalgia. \nthere is a lack of ingame manual/codex to explain anything.\ncharacter creation lacks information on any level beyond first for all classes.\nalmost every enemy has ranged attacks for some ungodly reason.\nunskippable dice rolls.\nconstant reloads.\n     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     In my first 5 hours of the game I encountered multiple bugs. Some severe, some gamebreaking.\n\n- UI HUD dissapears in encounters forcing me to reload, just to happen again in the same encounter at later time.\n- Dialogue actions bug out not triggering the dialogue scenes. Need to exit the game completely and reload. Sometimes this works.\n- Party members, even when linked/chained/grouped dont follow the party leader or eachother. Rendering the game unplayable. \n\nAll in all, I have been anticipating this game for the past three years and this is one of the biggest dissapointments in gaming since cyberpunk. I am so sad  and frustrated :(. Not worth one dollar until they fix it. Simply Unplayable.     False