                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    review  voted_up
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Everything I wanted and more from Ratchet and Clank. First game was a big part of my childhood and this is giving me some feels      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    so fun      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Som Rocket League men man 채r en stor intergalatisk r책tta som ska r채dda v채rlden med sin felbyggda robotkompis.      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  \n(I have a 1070ti - i7-8700 - on an SSD + ps5 controller) I could run it on lower-end settings at a stable 60fps. I would recommend having a better system than mine to run this and still enjoy it as intended. Its definitely designed for 'overkill' pc's\n\nNever had any crashes but the few bugs i encountered were patched out in the week after release\nI've heard it get compared to the ps3 R&C games, i haven't played them; only the ps2 ones~ \n\nI enjoyed it, although you can't collect all achievements with just a single play through unfortunately (two weapons are locked in new game plus)\nstill pretty expensive for a two year old game even put on steam. I suppose its one less reason to buy a ps5~~\n\n\n      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              i grew up with the series, the only games i have not played were size matters and secret agent clank\n8/10\nit is a bit on the shorter side compared to R&C 1-6\nthere is no minigames like racing, or a minigame like the  CQ minigame from R&C 3\nthe arena in this game is short compared to older entries\nthere is no space exploration or space combat, would have been fun to fight nefariouses forces in space\nthe level design in this game was a bit more linear compared to other games\nno customizeable ship for ratchet or rivet\nno iconic long jump or high jump\n\nbut overall this game i feel is a return to form compared to the awful 2016 game on ps4      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Simply Ratchet and Clank. Fun in all ways. Can not recommend enough if you have played the original games.      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Great game, fantastic GPU melting graphics! Although its painfully short, took me about 20 or so hours to 100% the game. Made me feel like I was playing Ratchet and Clank again for the first time on a PS2 demo disk (but with MUCH better visuals).      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 it's okay      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Fantastic visuals, quality game play, and just enough nostalgia to make me yearn for a simpler time.      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               amazing game! happy they finally brought it to PC platform. the game story and game play are great. its a fun 25 to 30 hours of game play. \n\nwith that being said, the game has multiple bugs throughout the story. the game also crashes here and there. my setup is: AMD 7950x3d, GPU 4090fe, ram 32GB so i know it can't come from my hardware. i'm sure soon will have an optimise driver update that will fix all those little glitches and bugs. the game is playable but its just annoying sometimes :P \n\n8.9/10      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       this brings me back to my childhood      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 nostalgia      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Great game. Looks great      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Love the graphics, very very minor performance issues, and an overall really fun game.      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       I've wanted for years to play a Ratchet and Clank game, and in hindsight maybe I could have used emulators, but the point is it was worth the wait!      True
very charming game, imagine your hamster going on a sci-fi adventure.\nlooks great, runs great, no complaints. highly recommended.\n\nsome people have reported crashing issues persisting after the patches, but I had no such issues. game ran fine for me on windows and linux, with a ryzen 3600x and radeon 6800xt. no crashes in 5.5 hours of gameplay.\n\n[ slight complaints: 1) no option to cap fps! there are options to enable/disable vsync and change the refresh rate in exclusive fullscreen, but neither option locks the framerate. not a big issue though. 2) the game maintains fps very well, no matter the settings, which is weird. with my setup at very high settings (no RT) at 2560x1440, the fps barely deviates from 60, at either very low or very high settings (so perfectly playable either way). upscaling methods do wonders though, i recommend insomniacs custom AA instead of FSR, it gives slightly better performance. at high quality, this mode improves fps from 60 to 70-90 range. 3) I am running the game off of a SATA ssd, and my setup does not support direct storage even though the game does. during the dimensional transitions, you do notice that the game is waiting for data to be transferred for a second or two (literally 1-2 seconds). not a major issue, but noticeable. ]      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Best game in my favorite series, I can't wait for the next one      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    holy shit this game is very good if your pc can run it      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Such a beautiful game, brings back a lot of memories of long nights playing R&C as a teenager... Now we just need the rest of the series remastered!\n      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Must play for Ratchet and Clank fans, fun like all previous games.      True
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      The game is fun, but performance is bad. I crash every half hour or so with just under 4 hours of playtime. 7900XTX, 5950x, 64gb ram     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Stuck in a pocket dimension that was a known issue when they released this on PlayStation years ago...     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                I was very happy until i got to Savali thats when rachet is falling through space without progressing, it might be better if i get a refund instead of trying to fix this.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Irredeemably bad port. I have a very good machine that outperforms any console, and am running this off an M.2 SSD, there is no reason that I have to run it on minimum settings and still deal with terrible frame rate, crunchy sound, and long loads. And, I spent so long trying to fix it, that the time lapsed before I could put in for a refund. The game and it's story are great, we already know this, but there is absolutely no reason that the port should be so lazy as to not even bother optimizing anything. Check the reviews and you'll see that my issues, on top of things such as constant crashes, are an ongoing problem for many people. I wanted to like this so much, I wanted to give it every chance I could, but I wish I had tracked my time better so I could refund it, it is not a $60 game in this state. $60 should be reserved to games that are finished and optimized. I'm just glad they didn't try to shove $70 pricing down our throats.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    at the point where you do a prison break you have to save clank but its bugged out for me clank is not in his prison cell thing on 3 play through so i dont know if its my game but i cant get past it if clank isnt in his tube thing     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Keeps crashing before I even get to the main menu, even on the lowest settings.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 CONSTANTLY CRASHING\n\nUPDATE IN A SPAN OF 2 HOURS I HAVE CRASHED 3 TIMES     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          This game runs like absolute crap on steamdeck! I don't know how this game can be steamdeck verified by the way it runs. Constant crashes almost every hour runs super laggy when there is a lot going on the screen. On top of that this game is so linear it's not even enjoyable to play the game is guiding you the whole time. The only positive thing about this game is that it looks beautiful and the mechanics are very smooth and fun. If this game ran better I would recommend it but as of now do not waste your $60 on this game!     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Would recommend if not for the constant crashing and freezing. My PC exceeds the recommended system requirements but it still crashes and freezes occasionally at 1080p on the lowest settings. Lowering the resolution to 1080 helped, but it still freezes randomly. Game is installed on my m.2 drive, verified files, latest drivers installed, no overheating issues. Nothing fixes it.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        At an I7-12700k, RTX 3070 and 32gb ram this game runs amazing. 1440p with majority of settings set to high/ultra at 90+ fps. Turn on RTX reflections/shadows at medium I get around 70 fps but with some frames drops during action. However I have placed this down as a not recommend due to a game breaking bug. Right near the end of the game I have to activate a console to open a force-field. I cannot activate this console so the game is just stuck there. Looked online and the only fix is to load a previous save. A manual save I made 3 hours before. That is like 30% progress. Not to mention, you're paying full price as if this game did not release 2 years ago. Full price for around 10-12 hours of game-play. The game is fun though and it does itch that nostalgia feeling but at the end of it you just wished you can play the previous titles. Ratchet and Clank 3 was so much fun.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              crashes every 2 minutes at lowest quality settings with a high end gaming PC     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Game is super fun but so broken right now with frame rate drops with heavy particles on screen no matter what settings are used. Have the same issues on a 3080ti as on the steam deck.\n\nAgain game is super fun when its not taking a shit but avoid it until they fix the mess.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Crushed for 5 times in my 60 minutes of game time. Every death after a cutscene is a crush, christ.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Bricked my 1070ti lol     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         This game is like playing the lottery. You either have no issues, or something so bad that the game is completely unplayable. I am the latter. I have a 2080, 32gb of ram, running from an SSD. Reading discussions says the people have crashing issues, vram issues, low gpu power draw issues, direct storage issues, and even more. My power draw maxes at like 30% in MSI afterburner but my GPU usage is ALWAYS at 100% no matter what I do. The particle effects in this game extremely over the top and there are no options to change them. I get 20 fps in game no matter what I do. Developers are not responding to these issues at all. I was going to hold on to the game because I love the franchise, but I simply can't. A dev who doesn't respond to these kind of issues hardly ever fix them. Refunded and stay away from game devs who cant be bothered to research the serious issues impacting their game.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              the game is bugged for me, I cant pick up ammo at the tutorial so i cant progress, after selecting the restart at last checkpoint it dropped me in a city skipping the tutorial running around in the city i fell to my death when i walked onto a floor that seemingly looked like i can walk on but for some reason i just fell through the ground to my death, im not experiencing any crashes, but i literally cannot get past the tutorial because i cant pick up ammo or if i skip the tutorial i cant walk on floors.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            im  on my 14 crash in this 3 hours... all for the low price of 60 dollars...\n     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  So I am a huge Ratchet and Clank fan, and I cannot in good faith recommend this to anyone. The game is so poorly optimized, I've fallen out of bounds multiple times, and the game has skipped cut-scenes locking me out of progression.     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Great game but PC port crashes a lot.\nRTX 4090/13700k/64 GB DDR5     False
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          I can't recommend the game until they patch the issue with crashing. Performance-wise, the game actually runs great. The problem is that smooth gameplay currently only lasts about 30-60 minutes before you crash to desktop. Sometimes you can send a report, sometimes you can't. Sometimes it blames a driver, sometimes it doesn't. \n\nIf you're a fan of Ratchet & Clank, its a good game. Wait till they fix the issues.     False